No cop baiting. Do not purposefully try and get police attention on you by doing things you would not do with an officer near you. This includes, burning out in the middle of intersections, purposefully revving your motor at lights to bait a pull over/chase, purposely committing traffic violations in the vicinity of a police officer.
You cannot impersonate Cops/EMS. So do not use the character models that are associated with emergency services.
Stealing police, ems, or military vehicles is NOT allowed, even those containing AI (locals). (Vehicles include helicopters, tanks, jets, transport vehicles, cargo bobs, military helicopters, etc.) However, player emergency service player vehicles can be stolen with proper RP behind it. This includes using specific /me interactions, as well as a reason to steal the vehicle. You have to be in an active cop situation that involves you. For example, /me takes or steals key from officer.
Do not respawn without permission during RP situations If the Scenario Still Continues.
When EMS are on duty, do not respawn without permission. If you were killed in a way where you cannot be revived, please let the medics know in RP. For example, /me was shot in the head multiple times and has no pulse. This also applies to when you are killing off your character. A medic will arrive arrive on scene and you will confirm your death with /me.
When you are revived, you’re in medical custody until the medic clears you. You cannot immediately run after someone for revenge, you are injured for 15-30 minutes depending on the injuries. For example, if you are stabbed multiple times in the legs and you just got patched up, there is no way you can run out normally. Again, it must be RP’d with a time limit.​​
Use of a phone or a gun in prison or when cuffed is considered FailRP. This includes texting and tweeting. We do not have player prison guards to RP yourself stealing a phone, so we are not aware of if it is RP’d out correctly, so don’t do it. You also get searched and lose your belongings when sent to prison.
If you are robbing a player, You can get 50% of anything the Player Have.
You cannot kidnap/rob the same player more than once within 24 hours unless RP is agreed upon. There must be an mutual agreement. Keep in mind, you can be interrupting their RP.
If you plan to kidnap any player (this includes cops), there must be at least 5 officers on-duty. If you are unsure on how many cops are on duty, simply ask in character.
You can kidnap but cannot kill a cop if they are the on-duty
If you feel you have been mistreated in a police situation, do not police the police. Use the proper channels (IE: Reporting said officer to a higher up). Do not contact an admin unless the officer is clearly breaking a server rule. Take abuse of power as in character and report it as you see fit.
Just because the server is restarting does not mean that you can go insane and go on a rampage. Along with that, if you are leaving the server after your session, you have no reason to kill for no reason. There will be consequences for breaking rules, whether it’s 5 hours from restart or 1 minute before. 